Add docs for generalized config form (#1772)
wso2/docs-choreo-dev: en/docs/develop-components/use-configuration-form.md

Choreo allows you to inject values for your configurations through a rich user interface.

!!! info

>     - This feature is currently only available for Go, Python, Java, .NET, NodeJs, Ruby and PHP buildpacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - This feature is currently only available for Go, Python, Java, .NET, NodeJs, Ruby and PHP buildpack components (excluding Web Applications).
```
